(upbeat band music)
(traffic whooshing, cars honking)
(upbeat band music continues)
Hey, New York!
MCU is here for those big life moves.
Like when your stove and clothes no longer share a room.
(door slamming)
Ooh, when you buy a nice new car that just sits there,
'cause you're hopping on the subway.
When you can officially buy in Jersey.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I'm telling you, MCU is the not-for-profit credit union
born in New York to give you more for your hustle.
Loans and High Yield Savings.
MCU. We're Here For It.
(upbeat band music)
(upbeat band music continues)
(people chattering)
(upbeat band music)
(camera shuttering)
Hey, New York!
When you save enough to escape the city on August 1st,
then instantly miss it. (laughs)
(traffic whooshing)
(subway train arriving)
(pigeons cooing)
(hot dogs sizzling)
(people chattering)